# 230-Project4
## Description 
This project revolves around creating a shape, and performing various action with it, and is divided into three seperate phases.

Phase 1 is the most important phase: creation. In this phase, the user creates a shape using a selection of options to change the shape, color, size, and opacity of their shape. The transitions between the variables is animated. If the site has been accessed before, whatever shape was created previously will be generated initially, instead of the default shape. This shape then carries over into the 2nd and 3rd phases to be used there. The user can also 'focus' on their shape by moving the option menus with the press of a button.

Phase 2 revolves around elasticity, and using slider values to launch the shape. On the page is the user's shape from Phase 1, or a default shape if none was created, and a launching mechanism. The launching mechanism is two siders, one horizontal and one vertical, as will as a firing button. As the user pulls and changes the sliders, the shape will move accordingly; it will move vertically if the vertical slider is moved, and horizontal if the horizontal slider is moved. The position of the shape is saved, and when the user presses the fire button, the shape will be launched across the screen. The further back the object was pulled, the further it will go, and the more elastic the animation will be. 

Phase 3 is about random SVG generation, and basic path following. When the page loads, a random line is drawn from a series of random values. This polyline is then 'followed' by the user's shape. The following involves the shape moving in the same pattern as the line, but off to the side. When the user presses a button, the random line will change to a new, randomly generated line, and the shape will continue to follow it.
